docs/en-us/Client-API.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Client-side API
---

# CAF Audit Client-side library

The `caf-audit` library offers a convenient set of classes for creating a connection and sending audit events to persistent storage.

## Using CAF Auditing Objects

This section will cover the use of `caf-audit` library classes and how to use them as objects within your application.

The order of instantiation and use of these objects for sending audit events to storage are as follows:

1. If you do not have an existing [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) object create one for retrieving and holding configuration details about event storage.
2. Create an [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object by passing the `AuditConnectionFactory` the [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource).
3. Create an [`AuditChannel`](#AuditChannel) object from the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object.
4. Use the [`AuditEventBuilder`](#AuditEventBuilder) object to construct audit events and send them to Kafka with the use of the [`AuditChannel`](#AuditChannel)` object.

### ConfigurationSource

You may already have a CAF Configuration Source in your application. It is a general framework that abstracts away the source of the configuration, allowing it to come from environment variables, files, a REST service, or potentially a custom source which better integrates with the host application.

A `ConfigurationSource` object is required for the [`AuditConnectionFactory`](#AuditConnectionFactory) object to produce an [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object.

If you're not already using CAF's Configuration mechanism, then here is some sample code to generate a `ConfigurationSource` object.

	import com.hpe.caf.api.*;
	import com.hpe.caf.cipher.NullCipherProvider;
	import com.hpe.caf.config.system.SystemBootstrapConfiguration;
	import com.hpe.caf.naming.ServicePath;
	import com.hpe.caf.util.ModuleLoader;
	
	public static ConfigurationSource createCafConfigSource() throws Exception
	{
	    System.setProperty("CAF_CONFIG_PATH", "/etc/sampleapp/config");
	    System.setProperty("CAF_APPNAME", "sampleappgroup/sampleapp");
	
	    BootstrapConfiguration bootstrap = new SystemBootstrapConfiguration();
	    Cipher cipher = ModuleLoader.getService(CipherProvider.class, NullCipherProvider.class).getCipher(bootstrap);
	    ServicePath path = bootstrap.getServicePath();
	    Codec codec = ModuleLoader.getService(Codec.class);
	    return ModuleLoader.getService(ConfigurationSourceProvider.class).getConfigurationSource(bootstrap, cipher, path, codec);
	}

To compile the above sample code you will need to add the following dependencies to your POM:

	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.hpe.caf</groupId>
	    <artifactId>caf-api</artifactId>
	    <version>11.2</version>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.hpe.caf.cipher</groupId>
	    <artifactId>cipher-null</artifactId>
	    <version>10.0</version>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.hpe.caf.config</groupId>
	    <artifactId>config-system</artifactId>
	    <version>10.0</version>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.hpe.caf.util</groupId>
	    <artifactId>util-moduleloader</artifactId>
	    <version>1.1</version>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.hpe.caf.util</groupId>
	    <artifactId>util-naming</artifactId>
	    <version>1.0</version>
	</dependency>

To use JSON-encoded files for your configuration you will need to add the following additional dependencies to your POM:

	<!-- Runtime-only Dependencies -->
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.hpe.caf.config</groupId>
	    <artifactId>config-file</artifactId>
	    <version>10.0</version>
	    <scope>runtime</scope>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.hpe.caf.codec</groupId>
	    <artifactId>codec-json</artifactId>
	    <version>10.1</version>
	    <scope>runtime</scope>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>io.dropwizard</groupId>
	    <artifactId>dropwizard-core</artifactId>
	    <version>0.8.4</version>
	    <scope>runtime</scope>
	</dependency>

#### KafkaAuditConfiguration, a ConfigurationSource Example

The above outlined [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) is using JSON-encoded files with the following parameters:

- `CAF_CONFIG_PATH: /etc/sampleapp/config`
- `CAF_APPNAME: sampleappgroup/sampleapp`

Given this configuration, to configure CAF Auditing you should create a file named `cfg_sampleappgroup_sampleapp_KafkaAuditConfiguration` in the `/etc/sampleapp/config/` directory. The contents of this file should be similar to the following:

	{
	    "bootstrapServers": "192.168.56.20:9092",
	    "acks": "all",
	    "retries": "0"
	}

`bootstrapServers` refers to one or more of the nodes of the Kafka cluster as a comma-separated list.
`acks` is the number of nodes in the cluster which must acknowledge an audit event when it is sent.

### AuditConnection

This object represents a logical connection to the persistent storage (i.e. to Kafka in the current implementation). It is a thread-safe object. ***It should be considered that this object takes some time to construct, so the application should hold on to it and re-use it rather than constantly re-constructing it.***

The `AuditConnection` object can be constructed using the static `createConnection()` method in the `AuditConnectionFactory` class. This method takes a [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) parameter, which is the standard method of configuration in CAF:

	AuditConnection auditConnection = null;
    try {
        // Setup Kafka Connection
        auditConnection = new AuditConnectionFactory().createConnection(createCafConfigSource());
    } catch (Exception e) {
        System.out.println("Unable to create Audit Connection");
        e.printStackTrace();
    }

### AuditChannel

An `AuditChannel` object can be constructed from the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object.

This object represents a logical channel to the persistent storage (i.e. to Kafka in the current implementation). ***It is NOT a thread-safe object so it must not be shared across threads without synchronisation.*** However there is no issue constructing multiple `AuditChannel` objects simultaneously on different threads, and the objects are lightweight so caching them is not that important.

The `AuditChannel` object can be constructed using the `createChannel()` method on the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object. It does not take any parameters:

	AuditChannel auditChannel = null;
	try {
	    // Setup a connection channel to Kafka
	    auditChannel = auditConnection.createChannel();
	} catch (IOException e) {
	    System.out.println("Unable to create Audit Channel from Audit Connection");
	    e.printStackTrace();
	}

### AuditEventBuilder

An `AuditEventBuilder` object can be constructed from the [`AuditChannel`](#AuditChannel) object.

This object offers production of an event to the persistent storage (i.e. to Kafka in the current implementation). There should be one [`AuditEventBuilder`](#AuditEventBuilder) object created for each audit Event Type.

The `AuditEventBuilder` object can be constructed using the `createEventBuilder()` method on the [`AuditChannel`](#AuditChannel) object. It does not take any parameters:
	
	/*
	  The following code constructs an application event for a tenant who has deleted a document. It then sends the event to storage.
	*/
	// Create an auditEventBuilder object from the AuditChannel
	final AuditEventBuilder auditEventBuilder = channel.createEventBuilder();
	// Set the Application ID of the event
	auditEventBuilder.setApplication(APPLICATION_IDENTIFIER);
	// Set the Tenant ID of the event
	auditEventBuilder.setTenant(tenantId);
	// Set the Tenant's User ID
	auditEventBuilder.setUser(userId);
	// Set the Correlation ID
	auditEventBuilder.setCorrelationId(correlationId);
	// Set the Event Category and Type
	auditEventBuilder.setEventType("documentEvents", "deleteDocument");
	// Add an Event Parameters
		// Add an Event Parameter for holding the Document ID that was deleted
	auditEventBuilder.addEventParameter("docId", null, docId);
		// Add an Event Parameter for holding the User who authorised the deletion of the document. Add length constraints for this parameter as it is of type String
	auditEventBuilder.addEventParameter("authorisedBy", null, authorisedBy, 1, 256);
	
	// Send the constructed event to storage
	auditEventBuilder.send();

Commit message:

Committed final-draft Client-side and Server-side API contents.

docs/en-us/Client-API.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Client-side API
---

# CAF Audit Client-side library

The `caf-audit` library offers a convenient set of classes for creating a connection and sending audit events to persistent storage.

## Using CAF Auditing Objects

This section will cover the use of `caf-audit` library classes and how to use them as objects within your application.

The order of instantiation and use of these objects for sending audit events are as follows:

1. If you do not have an existing [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) object create one for retrieving and holding configuration details.
2. Create an [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object by passing the `AuditConnectionFactory` the [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource).
3. Use the `AuditConnectionFactory` to create the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object. You will need to pass it the [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource).
3. Create an [`AuditChannel`](#AuditChannel) object from the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object.
4. Use the [`AuditEventBuilder`](#AuditEventBuilder) object to construct audit events and send them to Kafka.

### ConfigurationSource

You may already have a CAF Configuration Source in your application. It is a general framework that abstracts away the source of the configuration, allowing it to come from environment variables, files, a REST service, or potentially a custom source which better integrates with the host application.

A `ConfigurationSource` object is required for the [`AuditConnectionFactory`](#AuditConnectionFactory) object to produce an [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object.

If you're not already using CAF's Configuration mechanism, then here is some sample code to generate a `ConfigurationSource` object.

	import com.hpe.caf.api.*;
	import com.hpe.caf.cipher.NullCipherProvider;
	import com.hpe.caf.config.system.SystemBootstrapConfiguration;
	import com.hpe.caf.naming.ServicePath;
	import com.hpe.caf.util.ModuleLoader;
	
	public static ConfigurationSource createCafConfigSource() throws Exception
	{
	    System.setProperty("CAF_CONFIG_PATH", "/etc/sampleapp/config");
	    System.setProperty("CAF_APPNAME", "sampleappgroup/sampleapp");
	
	    BootstrapConfiguration bootstrap = new SystemBootstrapConfiguration();
	    Cipher cipher = ModuleLoader.getService(CipherProvider.class, NullCipherProvider.class).getCipher(bootstrap);
	    ServicePath path = bootstrap.getServicePath();
	    Codec codec = ModuleLoader.getService(Codec.class);
	    return ModuleLoader.getService(ConfigurationSourceProvider.class).getConfigurationSource(bootstrap, cipher, path, codec);
	}

To compile the above sample code you will need to add the following dependencies to your POM:

	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.hpe.caf</groupId>
	    <artifactId>caf-api</artifactId>
	    <version>11.2</version>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.hpe.caf.cipher</groupId>
	    <artifactId>cipher-null</artifactId>
	    <version>10.0</version>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.hpe.caf.config</groupId>
	    <artifactId>config-system</artifactId>
	    <version>10.0</version>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.hpe.caf.util</groupId>
	    <artifactId>util-moduleloader</artifactId>
	    <version>1.1</version>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.hpe.caf.util</groupId>
	    <artifactId>util-naming</artifactId>
	    <version>1.0</version>
	</dependency>

To use JSON-encoded files for your configuration you will need to add the following additional dependencies to your POM:

	<!-- Runtime-only Dependencies -->
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.hpe.caf.config</groupId>
	    <artifactId>config-file</artifactId>
	    <version>10.0</version>
	    <scope>runtime</scope>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.hpe.caf.codec</groupId>
	    <artifactId>codec-json</artifactId>
	    <version>10.1</version>
	    <scope>runtime</scope>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>io.dropwizard</groupId>
	    <artifactId>dropwizard-core</artifactId>
	    <version>0.8.4</version>
	    <scope>runtime</scope>
	</dependency>

#### KafkaAuditConfiguration, a ConfigurationSource Example

The above outlined [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) is using JSON-encoded files with the following parameters:

- `CAF_CONFIG_PATH: /etc/sampleapp/config`
- `CAF_APPNAME: sampleappgroup/sampleapp`

Given this configuration, to configure CAF Auditing you should create a file named `cfg_sampleappgroup_sampleapp_KafkaAuditConfiguration` in the `/etc/sampleapp/config/` directory. The contents of this file should be similar to the following:

	{
	    "bootstrapServers": "192.168.56.20:9092",
	    "acks": "all",
	    "retries": "0"
	}

`bootstrapServers` refers to one or more of the nodes of the Kafka cluster as a comma-separated list.
`acks` is the number of nodes in the cluster which must acknowledge an audit event when it is sent.

### AuditConnection

This object represents a logical connection to the persistent storage (i.e. to Kafka in the current implementation). It is a thread-safe object. ***It should be considered that this object takes some time to construct, so the application should hold on to it and re-use it rather than constantly re-constructing it.***

The `AuditConnection` object can be constructed using the static `createConnection()` method in the `AuditConnectionFactory` class. This method takes a [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) parameter, which is the standard method of configuration in CAF:

	AuditConnection auditConnection = null;
    try {
        // Setup Kafka Connection
        auditConnection = new AuditConnectionFactory().createConnection(createCafConfigSource());
    } catch (Exception e) {
        System.out.println("Unable to create Audit Connection");
        e.printStackTrace();
    }

### AuditChannel

An `AuditChannel` object can be constructed from the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object.

This object represents a logical channel to the persistent storage (i.e. to Kafka in the current implementation). ***It is NOT a thread-safe object so it must not be shared across threads without synchronisation.*** However there is no issue constructing multiple `AuditChannel` objects simultaneously on different threads, and the objects are lightweight so caching them is not that important.

The `AuditChannel` object can be constructed using the `createChannel()` method on the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object. It does not take any parameters:

	AuditChannel auditChannel = null;
	try {
	    // Setup a connection channel to Kafka
	    auditChannel = auditConnection.createChannel();
	} catch (IOException e) {
	    System.out.println("Unable to create Audit Channel from Audit Connection");
	    e.printStackTrace();
	}

### AuditEventBuilder

An `AuditEventBuilder` object can be constructed from the [`AuditChannel`](#AuditChannel) object.

It is used to construct and send an audit event. There should be one [`AuditEventBuilder`](#AuditEventBuilder) object created for each event to be audited.

The `AuditEventBuilder` object is created using the `createEventBuilder()` method on the [`AuditChannel`](#AuditChannel) object. It does not take any parameters.
	
	/*
	  The following code constructs an application event for a tenant who has deleted a document. It then sends the event to storage.
	*/
	// Create an auditEventBuilder object from the AuditChannel
	final AuditEventBuilder auditEventBuilder = channel.createEventBuilder();
	// Set the Application ID of the event
	auditEventBuilder.setApplication(APPLICATION_IDENTIFIER);
	// Set the Tenant ID of the event
	auditEventBuilder.setTenant(tenantId);
	// Set the Tenant's User ID
	auditEventBuilder.setUser(userId);
	// Set the Correlation ID
	auditEventBuilder.setCorrelationId(correlationId);
	// Set the Event Category and Type
	auditEventBuilder.setEventType("documentEvents", "deleteDocument");
	// Add an Event Parameters
		// Add an Event Parameter for holding the Document ID that was deleted
	auditEventBuilder.addEventParameter("docId", null, docId);
		// Add an Event Parameter for holding the User who authorised the deletion of the document. Add length constraints for this parameter as it is of type String
	auditEventBuilder.addEventParameter("authorisedBy", null, authorisedBy, 1, 256);
	
	// Send the constructed event to storage
	auditEventBuilder.send();

Typically this object is only used indirectly as you would normally generate a type-safe client-side auditing library using the code generation plugin. Internally the auto-generated code will make use of the `AuditEventBuilder` object.
