pages/en-us/overview.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Auditing Overview

banner:
    icon: 'assets/img/auditing-graphic.png'
    title: Auditing
    subtitle: Traceability, accountability, analytics, archiving and reporting of application tenant events.
    links:
        - title: GitHub
          url: https://github.com/CAFAudit/audit-service
---

# Overview

The Audit service provides applications with a reliable, high-performance solution for recording events pertaining to user and system applications. 

This documented audit trail of user and system activity has many uses. It provides traceability and individual accountability. Audit records can also be used for analytical purposes, including security violation detection and abnormal usage patterns. Audit trails have legal standing and can help protect the organization with a proven record of user and system activity. Audit records can also be exported for archival and reporting purposes.

## Introduction
The Audit service allows you to audit user and system actions by defining the required events and the information associated with each event. This definition is registered with the Audit Management web service and is also used to create a Java SDK to record the audited events. The Audit service is multi-tenant aware, which requires an application producing events to register each new tenant. Applications send events using the generated Java SDK to Apache Kafka, which in turn uses Vertica integration to load the audit event messages into a table for the tenant of the application-producing messages.

## User and System Actions
Applications define user and system actions in an audit event definition file. This definition is registered using the Audit Management web service API to create the Vertica database schema for storing the audit event messages. The definition is also utilized to generate a Java SDK, which raises the defined audit events.

For more details on the audit events definition schema, see [Getting Started](Getting-Started).

## Java SDK
The audit events definition file is used by a code generation plugin to auto-generate a Java library, which sends audit event messages to the Apache Kafka messaging service.

For more details on the Auditing Java SDK, see [Client-API](Client-API).

## Apache Kafka
Apache Kafka is a distributed, partitioned, replicated commit log service that provides the functionality of a messaging system. The Auditing Java SDK sends user and system audit events to Apache Kafka. These event messages are then streamed from Apache Kafka into the Vertica database schema.

For more details on the Apache Kafka deployment, see [Getting Started](Getting-Started).

## Vertica
User and system audit events are stored in Vertica. The database schema for these events is created when each new tenant is registered using the Audit Management web service API. Vertica provides a high-performance loading mechanism for streaming the data from Apache Kafka into the Vertica database.

For more details on the Vertica deployment, see [Getting Started](Getting-Started).

## Management Web API
The Audit Management web service API is a RESTful web service that makes it easy for you to register application audit events and new tenants.

To see the web methods in the Audit Management web service API, see [Server-API](Server-API).

For more details on the architecture of the Audit Management web service API, see [Architecture](Architecture).

For instructions on deploying and using the Audit Management web service API, see [Getting Started](Getting-Started).

Commit message:

Release v3.0.0 Commit dba8ffa533061c62c0b4c25552e49148ad7fbb27 Doc Commit #5fc890b

pages/en-us/overview.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Auditing Overview

banner:
    icon: 'assets/img/auditing-graphic.png'
    title: Auditing
    subtitle: Traceability, accountability, analytics, archiving and reporting of application tenant events.
    links:
        - title: GitHub
          url: https://github.com/CAFAudit/audit-service
---

# Overview

The Audit service provides applications with a reliable, high-performance solution for recording events pertaining to user and system applications. 

This documented audit trail of user and system activity has many uses.  It provides traceability and individual accountability.  Audit records can also be used for analytical purposes, including security violation detection and abnormal usage patterns.  Audit trails have legal standing and can help protect the organization with a proven record of user and system activity.  Audit records can also be exported for archival and reporting purposes.

## Introduction
The Audit Service is designed to provide auditing of user and system actions by defining the required events and the information associated with each event.  An application audit event definition file can be used to generate an application-specific, client-side auditing library.  The Audit service is multi-tenant aware.  Applications send events using the generated client-side auditing library to Elasticsearch where they are indexed according to each tenant.

## User and System Actions
Applications define user and system actions in an audit event definition file.  The definition is utilized to generate a client-side auditing library which raises the defined audit events.

For more details on the audit event definition file, see [Getting Started](Getting-Started).

## Audit Library
The audit events definition file is used by a code generation plugin to auto-generate a client-side Java library, which provide type safety and sends audit event messages to Elasticsearch.

For more details on the Java Client-Side Audit Library, see [Getting Started](Getting-Started#generating-a-client-side-auditing-library).

## Elasticsearch
Elasticsearch is an opensource, distributable, scalable, enterprise grade search engine.  Elasticsearch is accessible through an extensive RESTful API and can provide multi-tenant capable full text searches that support data discovery.  Official clients are available in Java, .NET (C#), Python, Groovy and many other languages.

For more details on Elasticsearch deployment, see [Audit Service Deploy Project in GitHub](https://github.com/CAFAudit/audit-service-deploy).  
For more details on Elasticsearch, see [Elasticsearch](https://www.elastic.co/products/elasticsearch).
