index.md, before:

---
layout: landing

logo: assets/img/caflogo.png
title: CAF Auditing <br><small>From the Information Management and Governance Research and Development Team at Hewlett Packard Enterprise</small>
slogan: Traceability, accountability, analytics, archiving and reporting of application tenant events.
button:
    title: Learn More
    url: pages/en-us/overview

features:
    title: About CAF Auditing
    subtitle: The Audit service maintains a documented audit trail of user and system activity in a centralized database. The benefits of using the Audit service include traceability and accountability, but the audit records can also be used for analytical, archiving and reporting purposes.
    feature_list:
        - icon: hpe-expand
          title: Support for Multiple Applications
          subtitle: User and system audit events are defined per application. The Audit service offers an easy and user-friendly way to register these events using the Audit Management web service API.
        - icon: hpe-cube
          title: Multi-Tenant Aware
          subtitle: The service supports multiple tenants in a secure and scalable way. These tenants are registered using the Audit Management web service API. Multi-tenancy support also facilitates audit reporting on a per tenant basis.
        - icon: hpe-cloud
          title: Auto-Generated Client Library
          subtitle: The service includes an auto-generated client library for type safety. This client library also makes it easier to send user and system audit events to the messaging system.
        - icon: hpe-shield-configure
          title: High-Throughput Messaging
          subtitle: The service uses Apache Kafka internally. Apache Kafka’s high-throughput distributed messaging system is designed to be fast.

social:
    title: Get Involved
    subtitle: Get involved in the CAF Auditing project. Suggest new features, report issues or take part in development.
    social_list:
        - icon: hpe-social-twitter
          title: Twitter
          subtitle: Follow us on Twitter to keep up with the latest news and updates from the team or to get in touch with us!
          link:
            title: '@caf'
            url: http://twitter.com
        - icon: hpe-social-github
          title: GitHub
          subtitle: Fork CAF Auditing on GitHub and submit a pull request to help contribute to the project! Or if you have discovered an issue, report it to us.
          link:
            title: Fork CAF Auditing
            url: https://github.com/CAFAudit/audit-service
        - icon: hpe-chat
          title: Blog
          subtitle: Follow our blog to find out all of the exciting news and announcements regarding CAF Auditing.
          link:
            title: Read More Here
            url: pages/en-us/blog/index
---

Commit message:

Built caf-audit from commit a9f3a27 on branch CAF-2443-AuditDocStyling

index.md, after:

---
layout: landing

title: CAF Auditing
slogan: Cross Platform, Cloud Ready, Microservices
button:
    title: Learn More
    url: pages/en-us/overview

features:
    title: About CAF Auditing
    subtitle: The sasas Audit service maintains a documented audit trail of user and system activity in a centralized database. The benefits of using the Audit service include traceability and accountability, but the audit records can also be used for analytical, archiving and reporting purposes.
    feature_list:
        - image: assets/img/LandingIcons/support.png
          title: Support for Multiple Applications
          subtitle: User and system audit events are defined per application. The Audit service offers an easy and user-friendly way to register these events using the Audit Management web service API.
        - image: assets/img/LandingIcons/multi-tenant.png
          title: Multi-Tenant Aware
          subtitle: The service supports multiple tenants in a secure and scalable way. These tenants are registered using the Audit Management web service API. Multi-tenancy support also facilitates audit reporting on a per tenant basis.
        - image: assets/img/LandingIcons/library.png
          title: Auto-Generated Client Library
          subtitle: The service includes an auto-generated client library for type safety. This client library also makes it easier to send user and system audit events to the messaging system.
        - image: assets/img/LandingIcons/messaging.png
          title: High-Throughput Messaging
          subtitle: The service uses Apache Kafka internally. Apache Kafka’s high-throughput distributed messaging system is designed to be fast.

social:
    title: Get Involved
    subtitle: Get involved in the CAF Auditing project. Suggest new features, report issues or take part in development.
    social_list:
        - icon: hpe-social-twitter
          title: Twitter
          subtitle: Follow us on Twitter to keep up with the latest news and updates from the team or to get in touch with us!
          link:
            title: '@caf_auditing'
            url: https://twitter.com/caf_auditing
        - icon: hpe-social-github
          title: GitHub
          subtitle: Fork CAF Auditing on GitHub and submit a pull request to help contribute to the project! Or if you have discovered an issue, report it to us.
          link:
            title: Fork CAF Auditing
            url: https://github.com/CAFAudit/audit-service
        - icon: hpe-chat
          title: Blog
          subtitle: Follow our blog to find out all of the exciting news and announcements regarding CAF Auditing.
          link:
            title: Read More Here
            url: pages/en-us/blog/index
---
