deploy/src/main/resources/production-swarm/README.md, before:

# Production Docker Swarm Deployment

The Production Docker Stack Deployment supports the deployment of the CAF Audit Web Service on Docker Swarm. This folder contains the `docker-stack.yml` file and an `environment.sh` file.

## Service Configuration

### Docker Stack
The `docker-stack.yml` file describes the Docker deployment information required for the CAF Audit Web Service. The file uses property substitution to retrieve values from Environment variables. A number of these Environment variables are **required** for the CAF Audit Web Service deployment. These Environment variables are configurable in the `environment.sh` file.

### Docker Environment
The `environment.sh` file supports configurable property settings necessary for service deployment.
	#!/usr/bin/env bash
	
	###
	# CAF Audit Service 
	###
	export CAF_AUDIT_SERVICE_PORT=25080
	
	###
	# Elasticsearch
	###
	## A comma separated list of Elasticsearch HOST:PORT value pairs.
	export CAF_ELASTIC_HOST_AND_PORT_VALUES=192.168.56.10:9200
	## The number of primary shards that an Elasticsearch index should have.
	export CAF_ELASTIC_NUMBER_OF_SHARDS=5
	## The number of replica shards (copies) that each primary shard should have.
	export CAF_ELASTIC_NUMBER_OF_REPLICAS=1

The `environment.sh` file specifies default values for the environment variables, however these values may require updating depending on the deployment environment.

#### Deploy

##### Replicas
* `mode` : Either global (exactly one container per swarm node) or replicated (a specified number of containers) (default replicated).
* `replicas` : If the service is replicated (which is the default), specify the number of containers that should be running at any given time.

##### Resources > Limits
* `cpus`: This setting can be used to configure the amount of CPU for each container and prevents the web service inside the container from using more than that specified. This does not have to be a whole number.
* `memory`: This configures the maximum amount of RAM each container can use. If the container's RAM exceeds this value it will cause docker to destroy and restart the container.

##### Resources > Reservations
* `cpus`: This setting can be used to configure the amount of CPU that should be held or reserved for each container. This does not have to be a whole number.
* `memory`: This configures the amount of RAM that should be held or reserved for each container.

##### Update Config
* `parallelism` : The number of containers to update at a time
* `delay` : The time to wait between updating a group of containers

## Execution

To deploy the stack:
* Edit the `environment.sh` to ensure that the CAF Audit Web Service is connected to the correct Elasticsearch cluster.
* Ensure the version of the CAF Audit Web Service in `docker-stack.yml` is the correct version to be deployed
* Execute `source environment.sh`
* Execute `docker stack deploy --compose-file=docker-stack.yml auditWebServiceStack`  
* The CAF Audit Web Service containers will start up

To tear down the stack:
* Execute `docker stack rm auditWebServiceStack`

Commit message:

SCMOD-7032: Updated to support multiple host names for Elastic search (#69)
* SCMOD-7032: Initial commit for ES multiple hostnames format change

* SCMOD-7032: Variable name updated

* SCMOD-7032: Elastic search multiple hostnames support

* SCMOD-7032: CAF_ELASTIC_HOST_AND_PORT_VALUES configuration removed

* SCMOD-7032: Test failures fixed

* SCMOD-7032: Build failure fixed

* SCMOD-7032: test failures fixed

* SCMOD-7032: Review comments fixed

* SCMOD-7032: Ordering updated

* SCMOD-7032: Variable name handled

* SCMOD-7032: formatting updated

* SCMOD-7032: formatting updated

* SCMOD-7032: formatting updated

* SCMOD-7032: variable name updated

* SCMOD-7032: Review comments fixed

* SCMOD-7032: Build issue fixed

* SCMOD-7032: formatting reverted

* SCMOD-7032: build issue fixed

* SCMOD-7032: readme updated

* SCMOD-7032: build issue fixed

* SCMOD-7032: Comments updated

* SCMOD-7032: formatting updated

* SCMOD-7032: formatting updated

* SCMOD-7032: formatting done

* Formatting done

* SCMOD-7032: build issue fixed

* SCMOD-7032 Review comments updated

* SCMOD-7032: formatting updated

* SCMOD-7032: order updated

deploy/src/main/resources/production-swarm/README.md, after:

# Production Docker Swarm Deployment

The Production Docker Stack Deployment supports the deployment of the CAF Audit Web Service on Docker Swarm. This folder contains the `docker-stack.yml` file and an `environment.sh` file.

## Service Configuration

### Docker Stack
The `docker-stack.yml` file describes the Docker deployment information required for the CAF Audit Web Service. The file uses property substitution to retrieve values from Environment variables. A number of these Environment variables are **required** for the CAF Audit Web Service deployment. These Environment variables are configurable in the `environment.sh` file.

### Docker Environment
The `environment.sh` file supports configurable property settings necessary for service deployment.
	#!/usr/bin/env bash
	
	###
	# CAF Audit Service 
	###
	export CAF_AUDIT_SERVICE_PORT=25080
	
	###
	# Elasticsearch
	###
	## A comma separated list of Elasticsearch HOST values.
	export CAF_ELASTIC_HOST_VALUES=192.168.56.10
	## The number of primary shards that an Elasticsearch index should have.
	export CAF_ELASTIC_NUMBER_OF_SHARDS=5
	## The number of replica shards (copies) that each primary shard should have.
	export CAF_ELASTIC_NUMBER_OF_REPLICAS=1
	## The REST port of the Elasticsearch server listens on.
	export CAF_ELASTIC_PORT_VALUE=9200

The `environment.sh` file specifies default values for the environment variables, however these values may require updating depending on the deployment environment.

#### Deploy

##### Replicas
* `mode` : Either global (exactly one container per swarm node) or replicated (a specified number of containers) (default replicated).
* `replicas` : If the service is replicated (which is the default), specify the number of containers that should be running at any given time.

##### Resources > Limits
* `cpus`: This setting can be used to configure the amount of CPU for each container and prevents the web service inside the container from using more than that specified. This does not have to be a whole number.
* `memory`: This configures the maximum amount of RAM each container can use. If the container's RAM exceeds this value it will cause docker to destroy and restart the container.

##### Resources > Reservations
* `cpus`: This setting can be used to configure the amount of CPU that should be held or reserved for each container. This does not have to be a whole number.
* `memory`: This configures the amount of RAM that should be held or reserved for each container.

##### Update Config
* `parallelism` : The number of containers to update at a time
* `delay` : The time to wait between updating a group of containers

## Execution

To deploy the stack:
* Edit the `environment.sh` to ensure that the CAF Audit Web Service is connected to the correct Elasticsearch cluster.
* Ensure the version of the CAF Audit Web Service in `docker-stack.yml` is the correct version to be deployed
* Execute `source environment.sh`
* Execute `docker stack deploy --compose-file=docker-stack.yml auditWebServiceStack`  
* The CAF Audit Web Service containers will start up

To tear down the stack:
* Execute `docker stack rm auditWebServiceStack`
