docs/pages/en-us/Client-API.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Client-side API
---

# Audit Client

The `caf-audit` library offers a convenient set of classes for creating a connection and sending audit events to an endpoint such as a Web Service or storage.

The following `caf-audit` client-side API connection modes are provided by the library:

- [Direct to Elasticsearch](#direct-to-elasticsearch-configuration) mode connects directly to Elasticsearch for the storage of audit event messages.
- [Web Service Client](#audit-web-service-client-configuration) mode connects to the Audit Web Service REST API for the messaging of audit events. The Audit Web Service sends audit event messages into Elasticsearch.
- [No-op](#no-op) mode which does not connect to an endpoint or build audit event messages. This mode can be useful for testing as Elasticsearch or Audit Web Service components are not required.

## Using Auditing Objects

This section covers `caf-audit` library classes and how to use them as objects within your application.

The order of instantiation and use of these objects for sending audit events is as follows:

1. If you do not have an existing [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) object, create one for retrieving and holding configuration details for the mode you require.
2. Use the [`AuditConnectionFactory`](#AuditConnectionFactory) to create the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object by setting the [`CAF_AUDIT_MODE Environment Variable`](#CAF_AUDIT_MODE-environment-variable) and pass it the [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource).
3. Create an [`AuditChannel`](#AuditChannel) object from the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object.
4. Use the [`AuditEventBuilder`](#AuditEventBuilder) object to construct and send audit event messages to the endpoint.

### ConfigurationSource

[comment]: <> (The caf-audit Getting-Started.md documentation content contains duplication of the ConfigurationSource section. It is important that any changes here must also be included within the Getting-Started.md content.)

You may already have a CAF configuration source in your application. It is a general framework that abstracts the source of the configuration, allowing it to come from any of the following:

- environment variables
- files
- a REST service
- a custom source that better integrates with the host application.

A `ConfigurationSource` object is required for the [`AuditConnectionFactory`](#AuditConnectionFactory) object to produce an [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object.

If you're not already using CAF's configuration mechanism, this sample code illustrates the generation of a `ConfigurationSource` object.

	import com.hpe.caf.api.*;
	import com.hpe.caf.cipher.NullCipherProvider;
	import com.hpe.caf.config.system.SystemBootstrapConfiguration;
	import com.hpe.caf.naming.ServicePath;
	import com.hpe.caf.util.ModuleLoader;
	
	public static ConfigurationSource createCafConfigSource() throws Exception
	{
	    System.setProperty("CAF_CONFIG_PATH", "/etc/sampleapp/config");
	    System.setProperty("CAF_APPNAME", "sampleappgroup/sampleapp");
	
	    BootstrapConfiguration bootstrap = new SystemBootstrapConfiguration();
	    Cipher cipher = ModuleLoader.getService(CipherProvider.class, NullCipherProvider.class).getCipher(bootstrap);
	    ServicePath path = bootstrap.getServicePath();
	    Codec codec = ModuleLoader.getService(Codec.class);
	    return ModuleLoader.getService(ConfigurationSourceProvider.class).getConfigurationSource(bootstrap, cipher, path, codec);
	}

To compile the above sample code, add the following dependencies to your POM:

	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.github.cafapi</groupId>
	    <artifactId>caf-api</artifactId>
	    <version>1.6.0-176</version>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.github.cafapi.cipher</groupId>
	    <artifactId>cipher-null</artifactId>
	    <version>1.6.0-176</version>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.github.cafapi.config</groupId>
	    <artifactId>config-system</artifactId>
	    <version>1.6.0-176</version>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.github.cafapi.util</groupId>
	    <artifactId>util-moduleloader</artifactId>
	    <version>1.6.0-176</version>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.github.cafapi.util</groupId>
	    <artifactId>util-naming</artifactId>
	    <version>1.6.0-176</version>
	</dependency>

To use JSON-encoded files for your configuration, add the following additional dependencies to your POM:

	<!-- Runtime-only Dependencies -->
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.github.cafapi.config</groupId>
	    <artifactId>config-file</artifactId>
	    <version>1.6.0-176</version>
	    <scope>runtime</scope>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.github.cafapi.codec</groupId>
	    <artifactId>codec-json</artifactId>
	    <version>1.6.0-176</version>
	    <scope>runtime</scope>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>io.dropwizard</groupId>
	    <artifactId>dropwizard-core</artifactId>
	    <version>0.8.4</version>
	    <scope>runtime</scope>
	</dependency>

#### Direct to Elasticsearch Configuration

In the [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) above, we used JSON-encoded files with the following parameters:

- `CAF_CONFIG_PATH: /etc/sampleapp/config`
- `CAF_APPNAME: sampleappgroup/sampleapp`

Given this configuration, you would configure Audit Direct to Elasticsearch by creating a file named `cfg_sampleappgroup_sampleapp_ElasticAuditConfiguration` in the `/etc/sampleapp/config/` directory. The contents of this file should be similar to the following:

	{
	    "hostAndPortValues": "<Elasticsearch_Cluster_Node1>:<ES_Port_Node1>,<Elasticsearch_Cluster_Node2>:<ES_Port_Node2>,<Elasticsearch_Cluster_Node3>:<ES_Port_Node3>",
	    "clusterName": "elasticsearch-cluster",
	    "numberOfShards": "5",
	    "numberOfReplicas": "1"
	}

where:

- `hostAndPortValues` refers to one or more of the nodes of the Elasticsearch cluster as a comma-separated list.
- `clusterName` name of the Elasticsearch cluster. Defaults to "elasticsearch-cluster".
- `numberOfShards` the number of primary shards that an index should have. Defaults to 5.
- `numberOfReplicas` the number of replica shards (copies) that each primary shard should have. Defaults to 1.

#### Audit Web Service Client Configuration

In the [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) above, we used JSON-encoded files with the following parameters:

- `CAF_CONFIG_PATH: /etc/sampleapp/config`
- `CAF_APPNAME: sampleappgroup/sampleapp`

Given this configuration, you would configure Audit Web Service Client by creating a file named `cfg_sampleappgroup_sampleapp_WebSerivceClientAuditConfiguration` in the `/etc/sampleapp/config/` directory. The contents of this file should be similar to the following:

	{
	    "webServiceEndpoint": "http://<Audit_Web_Service_Node>:<Port>/caf-audit-service/v1"
	}

where:

- `webServiceEndpoint` refers to the Audit Web Service endpoint.

### AuditConnectionFactory

The `AuditConnectionFactory` is an object that can be used to create an implementation of the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) by setting the [`CAF_AUDIT_MODE Environment Variable`](#CAF_AUDIT_MODE-environment-variable) to the required mode and by passing the [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) object for that required mode.

#### CAF\_AUDIT\_MODE Environment Variable

Before passing the [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) object to the [`AuditConnectionFactory`](#AuditConnectionFactory), to create an instance of the required [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) implementation, the `CAF_AUDIT_MODE` environment variable needs to be set appropriately to indicate the required mode. These are the following `CAF_AUDIT_MODE` environment variable options:

|           Mode           | CAF_AUDIT_MODE value |  AuditConnection Implmentation  |                          Required AuditConfiguration                          |
|:------------------------:|:--------------------:|:-------------------------------:|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
|  Direct to Elasticsearch |        direct        |      ElasticAuditConnection     |      [ElasticAuditConfiguration](#direct-to-elasticsearch-configuration)      |
| Audit Web Service Client |      webservice      | WebServiceClientAuditConnection | [WebServiceClientAuditConfiguration](#audit-web-service-client-configuration) |

#### No-op

If the `CAF_AUDIT_MODE` environment variable is not set then the `NoopAuditConnection` implementation is returned from the AuditConnectionFactory. This mode does not connect to an endpoint or build audit event messages. This mode can be useful for testing as Elasticsearch or Audit Web Service components are not required.

### AuditConnection

The `AuditConnection` object represents a logical connection to the Audit Web Service API or Elasticsearch datastore endpoint. It is a thread-safe object. ***Please take into account that this connection object requires significant time to construct. The application should hold on to the connection object and re-use it, rather than re-construct it.***


The `AuditConnection` object can be constructed using the static `createConnection()` method in the `AuditConnectionFactory` class. This method takes a [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) parameter, which is the standard method of configuration in CAF:

	AuditConnection auditConnection = null;
    try {
        // Setup connection
        auditConnection = new AuditConnectionFactory().createConnection(createCafConfigSource());
    } catch (Exception e) {
        System.out.println("Unable to create Audit Connection");
        e.printStackTrace();
    }

### AuditChannel

An `AuditChannel` object is constructed from the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object.

This object represents a logical channel to the Audit Web Service API or Elasticsearch datastore endpoint. ***It is NOT a thread-safe object and must not be shared across threads without synchronization.*** However, you will have no issue constructing multiple `AuditChannel` objects simultaneously on different threads. The objects are lightweight and caching them is not that important.

The `AuditChannel` object can be constructed using the `createChannel()` method on the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object. It does not take any parameters:

	AuditChannel auditChannel = null;
	try {
	    // Setup a connection channel
	    auditChannel = auditConnection.createChannel();
	} catch (IOException e) {
	    System.out.println("Unable to create Audit Channel from Audit Connection");
	    e.printStackTrace();
	}

### AuditEventBuilder

An `AuditEventBuilder` object is constructed from the [`AuditChannel`](#AuditChannel) object.

It constructs and sends an audit event. You should have one [`AuditEventBuilder`](#AuditEventBuilder) object for each audit event.

The `AuditEventBuilder` object is created using the `createEventBuilder()` method on the [`AuditChannel`](#AuditChannel) object. It does not take any parameters.
	
	/*
	  The following code constructs an application event for a tenant who has deleted a document. It then sends the event to storage.
	*/
	// Create an auditEventBuilder object from the AuditChannel
	final AuditEventBuilder auditEventBuilder = channel.createEventBuilder();
	// Set the Application ID of the event
	auditEventBuilder.setApplication(APPLICATION_IDENTIFIER);
	// Set the Tenant ID of the event
	auditEventBuilder.setTenant(tenantId);
	// Set the Tenant's User ID
	auditEventBuilder.setUser(userId);
	// Set the Correlation ID
	auditEventBuilder.setCorrelationId(correlationId);
	// Set the Event Category and Type
	auditEventBuilder.setEventType("documentEvents", "deleteDocument");
	// Add Event Parameters
		// Add an Event Parameter for holding the Document ID that was deleted
	auditEventBuilder.addEventParameter("docId", null, docId);
		// Add an Event Parameter for holding the User who authorised the deletion of the document. Include an indexing hint and add length constraints for this parameter as it is of type String
	auditEventBuilder.addEventParameter("authorisedBy", null, authorisedBy, AuditIndexingHint.KEYWORD, 1, 256);
	
	// Send the constructed event to storage
	auditEventBuilder.send();

Typically, this object is only used indirectly. Normally, you generate a type-safe client-side auditing library using the code generation plugin. Internally, the auto-generated code makes use of the `AuditEventBuilder` object. For information on how to generate a type-safe client-side auditing library for your application, visit the Getting Started guide [here](Getting-Started).

Commit message:

CAF-2850: ElasticAuditConfiguration should be configurable via Sys-Props Or Env-Vars (#36)
* CAF-2850: If the ElasticAuditConnection is passed a null ConfigurationSource it builds up configuration settings from system props or environment variables. If number of shards is not passed through sys-prop or env-var it defaults to 5 and number of replicas defaults to 1

* Added method to AuditConnectionFactory for passing configuration source as null. Updated ElasticAuditIT to use the new AuditConnectionFactory method

* Made Greg's feedback changes

* Updated ElasticAuditConnection to default the ES cluster name to elasticsearch-cluster if it has not been provided via environment variable.

* Updated Getting-Started and Client-API documentation to convey ElasticAuditConnection configuration via environment variables

* Adjusted to retrieve defaults for cluster name, number of shards and number of replicas from constants

docs/pages/en-us/Client-API.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Client-side API
---

# Audit Client

The `caf-audit` library offers a convenient set of classes for creating a connection and sending audit events to an endpoint such as a Web Service or storage.

The following `caf-audit` client-side API connection modes are provided by the library:

- [Direct to Elasticsearch](#direct-to-elasticsearch-configuration) mode connects directly to Elasticsearch for the storage of audit event messages.
- [Web Service Client](#audit-web-service-client-configuration) mode connects to the Audit Web Service REST API for the messaging of audit events. The Audit Web Service sends audit event messages into Elasticsearch.
- [No-op](#no-op) mode which does not connect to an endpoint or build audit event messages. This mode can be useful for testing as Elasticsearch or Audit Web Service components are not required.

## Using Auditing Objects

This section covers `caf-audit` library classes and how to use them as objects within your application.

The order of instantiation and use of these objects for sending audit events is as follows:

1. If you do not have an existing [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) object, create one for retrieving and holding configuration details for the mode you require. Optionally, [Direct to Elasticsearch](#direct-to-elasticsearch-configuration) mode can be configured via system or environment variables.
2. Use the [`AuditConnectionFactory`](#AuditConnectionFactory) to create the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object by setting the [`CAF_AUDIT_MODE Environment Variable`](#CAF_AUDIT_MODE-environment-variable) and pass it the [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource).
3. Create an [`AuditChannel`](#AuditChannel) object from the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object.
4. Use the [`AuditEventBuilder`](#AuditEventBuilder) object to construct and send audit event messages to the endpoint.

### ConfigurationSource

[comment]: <> (The caf-audit Getting-Started.md documentation content contains duplication of the ConfigurationSource section. It is important that any changes here must also be included within the Getting-Started.md content.)

You may already have a CAF configuration source in your application. It is a general framework that abstracts the source of the configuration, allowing it to come from any of the following:

- environment variables
- files
- a REST service
- a custom source that better integrates with the host application.

A `ConfigurationSource` object is required for the [`AuditConnectionFactory`](#AuditConnectionFactory) object `createConnection(ConfigurationSource configSource)` method to produce an [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object.

If you're not already using CAF's configuration mechanism, this sample code illustrates the generation of a `ConfigurationSource` object.

	import com.hpe.caf.api.*;
	import com.hpe.caf.cipher.NullCipherProvider;
	import com.hpe.caf.config.system.SystemBootstrapConfiguration;
	import com.hpe.caf.naming.ServicePath;
	import com.hpe.caf.util.ModuleLoader;
	
	public static ConfigurationSource createCafConfigSource() throws Exception
	{
	    System.setProperty("CAF_CONFIG_PATH", "/etc/sampleapp/config");
	    System.setProperty("CAF_APPNAME", "sampleappgroup/sampleapp");
	
	    BootstrapConfiguration bootstrap = new SystemBootstrapConfiguration();
	    Cipher cipher = ModuleLoader.getService(CipherProvider.class, NullCipherProvider.class).getCipher(bootstrap);
	    ServicePath path = bootstrap.getServicePath();
	    Codec codec = ModuleLoader.getService(Codec.class);
	    return ModuleLoader.getService(ConfigurationSourceProvider.class).getConfigurationSource(bootstrap, cipher, path, codec);
	}

To compile the above sample code, add the following dependencies to your POM:

	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.github.cafapi</groupId>
	    <artifactId>caf-api</artifactId>
	    <version>1.6.0-176</version>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.github.cafapi.cipher</groupId>
	    <artifactId>cipher-null</artifactId>
	    <version>1.6.0-176</version>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.github.cafapi.config</groupId>
	    <artifactId>config-system</artifactId>
	    <version>1.6.0-176</version>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.github.cafapi.util</groupId>
	    <artifactId>util-moduleloader</artifactId>
	    <version>1.6.0-176</version>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.github.cafapi.util</groupId>
	    <artifactId>util-naming</artifactId>
	    <version>1.6.0-176</version>
	</dependency>

To use JSON-encoded files for your configuration, add the following additional dependencies to your POM:

	<!-- Runtime-only Dependencies -->
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.github.cafapi.config</groupId>
	    <artifactId>config-file</artifactId>
	    <version>1.6.0-176</version>
	    <scope>runtime</scope>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>com.github.cafapi.codec</groupId>
	    <artifactId>codec-json</artifactId>
	    <version>1.6.0-176</version>
	    <scope>runtime</scope>
	</dependency>
	<dependency>
	    <groupId>io.dropwizard</groupId>
	    <artifactId>dropwizard-core</artifactId>
	    <version>0.8.4</version>
	    <scope>runtime</scope>
	</dependency>

### Direct to Elasticsearch Configuration

Direct to Elasticsearch mode can be configured with a [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) object or via environment variables

#### Direct to Elasticsearch ConfigurationSource

In the [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) section, we used JSON-encoded files with the following parameters:

- `CAF_CONFIG_PATH: /etc/sampleapp/config`
- `CAF_APPNAME: sampleappgroup/sampleapp`

Given this configuration, you would configure Audit Direct to Elasticsearch by creating a file named `cfg_sampleappgroup_sampleapp_ElasticAuditConfiguration` in the `/etc/sampleapp/config/` directory. The contents of this file should be similar to the following:

	{
	    "hostAndPortValues": "<Elasticsearch_Cluster_Node1>:<ES_Port_Node1>,<Elasticsearch_Cluster_Node2>:<ES_Port_Node2>,<Elasticsearch_Cluster_Node3>:<ES_Port_Node3>",
	    "clusterName": "elasticsearch-cluster",
	    "numberOfShards": "5",
	    "numberOfReplicas": "1"
	}

where:

- `hostAndPortValues` refers to one or more of the nodes of the Elasticsearch cluster as a comma-separated list.
- `clusterName` name of the Elasticsearch cluster. Defaults to "elasticsearch-cluster".
- `numberOfShards` the number of primary shards that an index should have. Defaults to 5.
- `numberOfReplicas` the number of replica shards (copies) that each primary shard should have. Defaults to 1.

#### Direct to Elasticsearch Environment Variables

As an alternative to creating a [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource), for the `ElasticAuditConnection` or [`AuditConnectionFactory`](#AuditConnectionFactory), the direct to Elasticsearch mode can be configured via the following environment variables:

- `CAF_ELASTIC_HOST_AND_PORT_VALUES` refers to one or more of the nodes of the Elasticsearch cluster as a comma-separated list.
- `CAF_ELASTIC_CLUSTER_NAME` name of the Elasticsearch cluster. Defaults to "elasticsearch-cluster".
- `CAF_ELASTIC_NUMBER_OF_SHARDS` the number of primary shards that an index should have. Defaults to 5.
- `CAF_ELASTIC_NUMBER_OF_REPLICAS` the number of replica shards (copies) that each primary shard should have. Defaults to 1.

### Audit Web Service Client Configuration

In the [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) section, we used JSON-encoded files with the following parameters:

- `CAF_CONFIG_PATH: /etc/sampleapp/config`
- `CAF_APPNAME: sampleappgroup/sampleapp`

Given this configuration, you would configure Audit Web Service Client by creating a file named `cfg_sampleappgroup_sampleapp_WebSerivceClientAuditConfiguration` in the `/etc/sampleapp/config/` directory. The contents of this file should be similar to the following:

	{
	    "webServiceEndpoint": "http://<Audit_Web_Service_Node>:<Port>/caf-audit-service/v1"
	}

where:

- `webServiceEndpoint` refers to the Audit Web Service endpoint.

### AuditConnectionFactory

The `AuditConnectionFactory` is an object that can be used to create an implementation of the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) by setting the [`CAF_AUDIT_MODE Environment Variable`](#CAF_AUDIT_MODE-environment-variable) to the required mode and by passing the [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) object for that required mode.

#### CAF\_AUDIT\_MODE Environment Variable

Before passing the [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) object to the [`AuditConnectionFactory`](#AuditConnectionFactory), to create an instance of the required [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) implementation, the `CAF_AUDIT_MODE` environment variable needs to be set appropriately to indicate the required mode. These are the following `CAF_AUDIT_MODE` environment variable options:

|           Mode           | CAF_AUDIT_MODE value |  AuditConnection Implmentation  |                          Required AuditConfiguration                          |
|:------------------------:|:--------------------:|:-------------------------------:|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
|  Direct to Elasticsearch |        direct        |      ElasticAuditConnection     |      [ElasticAuditConfiguration](#direct-to-elasticsearch-configuration)      |
| Audit Web Service Client |      webservice      | WebServiceClientAuditConnection | [WebServiceClientAuditConfiguration](#audit-web-service-client-configuration) |

#### No-op

If the `CAF_AUDIT_MODE` environment variable is not set then the `NoopAuditConnection` implementation is returned from the AuditConnectionFactory. This mode does not connect to an endpoint or build audit event messages. This mode can be useful for testing as Elasticsearch or Audit Web Service components are not required.

### AuditConnection

The `AuditConnection` object represents a logical connection to the Audit Web Service API or Elasticsearch datastore endpoint. It is a thread-safe object. ***Please take into account that this connection object requires significant time to construct. The application should hold on to the connection object and re-use it, rather than re-construct it.***


The `AuditConnection` object can be constructed using the static `createConnection()` method in the `AuditConnectionFactory` class. This method takes a [`ConfigurationSource`](#ConfigurationSource) parameter, which is the standard method of configuration in CAF:

	AuditConnection auditConnection = null;
    try {
        // Setup connection
        auditConnection = new AuditConnectionFactory().createConnection(createCafConfigSource());
    } catch (Exception e) {
        System.out.println("Unable to create Audit Connection");
        e.printStackTrace();
    }

### AuditChannel

An `AuditChannel` object is constructed from the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object.

This object represents a logical channel to the Audit Web Service API or Elasticsearch datastore endpoint. ***It is NOT a thread-safe object and must not be shared across threads without synchronization.*** However, you will have no issue constructing multiple `AuditChannel` objects simultaneously on different threads. The objects are lightweight and caching them is not that important.

The `AuditChannel` object can be constructed using the `createChannel()` method on the [`AuditConnection`](#AuditConnection) object. It does not take any parameters:

	AuditChannel auditChannel = null;
	try {
	    // Setup a connection channel
	    auditChannel = auditConnection.createChannel();
	} catch (IOException e) {
	    System.out.println("Unable to create Audit Channel from Audit Connection");
	    e.printStackTrace();
	}

### AuditEventBuilder

An `AuditEventBuilder` object is constructed from the [`AuditChannel`](#AuditChannel) object.

It constructs and sends an audit event. You should have one [`AuditEventBuilder`](#AuditEventBuilder) object for each audit event.

The `AuditEventBuilder` object is created using the `createEventBuilder()` method on the [`AuditChannel`](#AuditChannel) object. It does not take any parameters.
	
	/*
	  The following code constructs an application event for a tenant who has deleted a document. It then sends the event to storage.
	*/
	// Create an auditEventBuilder object from the AuditChannel
	final AuditEventBuilder auditEventBuilder = channel.createEventBuilder();
	// Set the Application ID of the event
	auditEventBuilder.setApplication(APPLICATION_IDENTIFIER);
	// Set the Tenant ID of the event
	auditEventBuilder.setTenant(tenantId);
	// Set the Tenant's User ID
	auditEventBuilder.setUser(userId);
	// Set the Correlation ID
	auditEventBuilder.setCorrelationId(correlationId);
	// Set the Event Category and Type
	auditEventBuilder.setEventType("documentEvents", "deleteDocument");
	// Add Event Parameters
		// Add an Event Parameter for holding the Document ID that was deleted
	auditEventBuilder.addEventParameter("docId", null, docId);
		// Add an Event Parameter for holding the User who authorised the deletion of the document. Include an indexing hint and add length constraints for this parameter as it is of type String
	auditEventBuilder.addEventParameter("authorisedBy", null, authorisedBy, AuditIndexingHint.KEYWORD, 1, 256);
	
	// Send the constructed event to storage
	auditEventBuilder.send();

Typically, this object is only used indirectly. Normally, you generate a type-safe client-side auditing library using the code generation plugin. Internally, the auto-generated code makes use of the `AuditEventBuilder` object. For information on how to generate a type-safe client-side auditing library for your application, visit the Getting Started guide [here](Getting-Started).
