docs/pages/en-us/Features.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Auditing Features

banner:
    icon: 'assets/img/auditing-graphic.png'
    title: Auditing
    subtitle: Traceability, accountability, analytics, archiving and reporting of application tenant events.
    links:
        - title: GitHub
          url: https://github.com/CAFAudit/audit-service
---

# Features

The Audit service maintains a documented audit trail of user and system activity in a centralized database. The benefits of using the Audit service include traceability and accountability, but the audit records can also be used for analytical, archiving and reporting purposes. 

## Support for Multiple Applications
User and system audit events are defined per application. The Audit service offers an easy and user-friendly way to register these events using the Audit Management web service API.

## Multi-Tenant Aware
The service supports multiple tenants in a secure and scalable way. These tenants are registered using the Audit Management web service API. Multi-tenancy support also facilitates audit reporting on a per tenant basis. 

## Auto-Generated Client Library
The service includes an auto-generated client library for type safety. This client library also makes it easier to send user and system audit events to the messaging system.

## High-Throughput Messaging
The service uses Apache Kafka internally. Apache Kafka's high-throughput distributed messaging system is designed to be fast.

## Scalable
The service is designed for scalability as the Kafka cluster can elastically and transparently expand without downtime. Data streams are partitioned over a cluster of machines to provide streams much larger than those available through a single machine.

## Durable
Audit event messages are persisted to the file system and retained for a fixed amount of time. These messages are also replicated within the Kafka cluster to prevent data loss. 

## High-Availability
Vertica stores the user and system audit event details, but the Audit service can still raise audit event messages even if the Vertica database is being upgraded or is temporarily unavailable.  

## High-Performance Streaming
A high-performance streaming mechanism loads data very efficiently from the Kafka messaging system into Vertica with exactly-once semantics. For high availability, the service can launch multiple instances of this streaming mechanism. Only one remains active with others on stand-by in case of failure. This allows the streaming of audit event messages into Vertica without interruption.

Commit message:

Updates to Overview, Features, Team, Server-API and Landing Page for Audit v3.0.0 for Elasticsearch

docs/pages/en-us/Features.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Auditing Features

banner:
    icon: 'assets/img/auditing-graphic.png'
    title: Auditing
    subtitle: Traceability, accountability, analytics, archiving and reporting of application tenant events.
    links:
        - title: GitHub
          url: https://github.com/CAFAudit/audit-service
---

# Features

The Audit service maintains a documented audit trail of user and system activity in a centralized database. The benefits of using the Audit service include traceability and accountability, but the audit records can also be used for analytical, archiving and reporting purposes. 

## Support for Multiple Applications
User and system audit events are defined per application.

## Multi-Tenant Aware
The service supports multiple tenants in a secure and scalable way. Multi-tenancy support also facilitates audit reporting on a per tenant basis. 

## Auto-Generated Client Library
The service includes an auto-generated client-side library for type safety. This client library also makes it easier to send user and system audit events to Elasticsearch.

## Scalable
The service is extensively for scalabe as the Elasticsearch is designed with scalability in mind and can scale horizontally without downtime.

## Durable
The service is designed for durability as Elasticsearch provides data redundancy across it's highly scalable cluster.

## High-Availability
The service is highly available as Elasticsearch replicates and distributes data across it's scalable, durable cluster.
